Welcome to the VirtualAwesome framework.

_va_ is a cross-platform framework that is continuously tested on Xcode (OSX),
bode::blocks (Linux), Visual Studio 9 (Windows), and Makefiles (OSX, Linux). 
Each release comes with all necessary dependencies and is easy to build. If
this is not the case and you run into issues please let us know on the
discussion list: http://groups.google.com/group/va-users

The project files for the preferred build system/IDE can be generated with
cmake. On all supported platforms you can download the graphical cmake utility
(cmake-gui) and do this with a few clicks. For details check the documentation
wiki: http://code.google.com/p/virtualawesome/wiki/GettingStarted

If you are on the bleeding edge and want to work directly with the git/svn
files make sure you also get all the support libraries. Precompiled drop-in
packages can copied from the release package. Hit the discussion list if you
have questions.

Linux: osg-linux, opencv-linux, dc1394-linux, ...
OSX: freetype-osx, osg-osx, opencv-osx, dc1394-osx, ...
Windows: freetype-win32, jpeg-win32, osg-win32, png-win32, 
         zlib-win32, opencv-win32, flyCapture-win32, ...

---

Stefan Hechenberger
Core Team
24 February 2010




h2. IDEAS

* use switch nodes instead of cullcallback
* normalize magnitude? say 1 = screen width
* add tails to TouchShape's
* onscreen keyboard
* dual finger brush
* resize for ImageShape
* pickShape is an xform -> geode 
  where geode uses the geometry of the background
  via addDrawable



h2. ISSUES

* first multipad down does not work with widgets
* key handler, scene should traverse up
* adding nodes SetDataVariance issue
* input addons consistency
** make actually the addon draw the blobs? TouchesShape derived?
* vaTouchkit
** on windows, cannot build in debug, flycapture issue
** setBrightness/Exposure/Shutter in Tracker
** jpegTrackercrashes when images missing
** live tracker garbled image when no cam connected


h2. CHANGELOG


h4. RELEASE 0.4.3
* + vaOsc addon
* + vaOpenal addon
* + va::random(...), randomWidth(), randomHeight(), seedRandom(...)
* - Rectangle class in Types.h


h4. RELEASE 0.4.0

Known Issues:
* cursor hiding in miceExample on Windows missing
* vaMice does not work on some Linux distros
* Scrolling events do not work on some Linux distros
* Pen events do not work on Linux
* Running apps from Visual C++ causes heap warning pop-up
